## EverBox
Contributors: moyu  
Tags: black, green, gray, white, dark, light, two-columns, right-sidebar, fixed-layout, responsive-layout, custom-colors, custom-menu, featured-images, threaded-comments, translation-ready  
Requires at least: 4.1  
Tested up to: 4.1  
Stable tag: 4.1  
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  
Live Demo: http://demo.20theme.com/everbox  
  
## CopyRight/License
EverBox WordPress Theme, Copyright 2015 moyu
EverBox is Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL
  
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
at your option) any later version.
  
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
  
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see < http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ >
  
**EverBox WordPress Theme bundles the following third-party resources:**  
VelocityJS.org (1.2.1)  
(C) 2014 Julian Shapiro.  
MIT @license: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License  
Source:https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity    
  
FastClick  
Preserve FastClick: polyfill to remove click delays on browsers with touch UIs.  
Codingstandard ftlabs-jsv2  
Copyright The Financial Times Limited [All Rights Reserved]  
License: MIT License  
Source:https://github.com/ftlabs/fastclick  
  
HTML5 Shiv 3.7.3-pre  
Preserve HTML5 Shiv 3.7.3-pre 
Contributors: @afarkas @jdalton @jon_neal @rem  
License: MIT/GPL2 Licensed  
Source: https://github.com/aFarkas/html5shiv  
  
IcoMoon 
The icomoon Font webfont files, based on Font Awesome webfont, generated by icomoon app are licensed under CC BY 3.0
Source: https://icomoon.io
Source: http://www.fontawesome.io  
  
## Description
EverBox is a finely crafted WordPress theme with clean layout. No matter which blog topic you are about to cover, you will find EverBox’s features a perfect fit. It’s fully responsive, retina ready and easy to customize. Every elements are responsive to give your readers best user experience throughout your blog. Not just about design, EverBox is compatible with the latest versions of all modern browsers – Chrome, Safari, FireFox, Opera, IE8 and above.
  
## Features
**Mobile Web App**  
In theme customizer panel page, you can set your own mobile web app icon and startup image, which make your site more like a native mobile app.
  
**Responsive Design**  
Designed for Mobile, Tablets, Laptop and Desktop Devices. With responsive design, EverBox will dynamically adjust to any devices viewport. Try it out on your mobile device!
  
**Friendly Theme Settings**  
You can easily customize the theme logo, favicon, site primary color in the theme customizer panel.
  
**Unlimited Colors**  
Choose any color you like and change the appearance of EverBox.
  
**Clean Code**  
EverBox has been built with the latest submission requirements based on the WordPress Codex, everything is working as intended.
  
**Infinite Pagination**  
EverBox supports infinite pagination feature of Jetpack.
  
**Translation Ready**  
You can translate the Theme to your own language. The theme includes .pot file for easy translation.
  
## Installation  
1. In your admin panel, go to Appearance -> Themes and click the Add New button.
2. Click Upload and Choose File, then select the theme's ZIP file. Click Install Now.
3. Click Activate to use your new theme right away.
  
## Quick Specs
1. The main content width is 770px.
2. The sidebar width is 320px.
3. Featured Images are 300px wide by 300px high.
  
## Changelog  

#### 2015/04/28 - 1.1.6
- Fix some security bugs

#### 2015/04/28 - 1.1.5
- Fix some security bugs

#### 2015/04/27 - 1.1.4
- Fix security and privacy bugs

#### 2015/04/22 - 1.1.3
- Convert optioins framework to the Customize API
- Remove SEO functions which is considered plugin territory
- Upgrade the screenshot
- Fix long menus break out of the header bug
- Fix some other bugs
  
#### 2015/04/04 - 1.1.2
- Fix theme setting panel language not load bug
  
#### 2015/04/04 - 1.1.1
- Fix post title not show properly bug
  
#### 2015/04/04 - 1.1.0
- Header redesign
- Fix some bugs
- Remove Superfish jQuery Plugin
  
#### 2015/03/25 - 1.0.2
- Fix theme settings bug
  
#### 2015/03/25 - 1.0.1
- Fix some bugs
  
#### 2015/03/18 - 1.0.0
- 1.0.0 released